Added environment variables for proxy configuration (#13)
instana/instana-helm-chart: README.md

* instana.agent.endpoint.port
* instana.zone

> Optionally, if your infrastucture uses proxy, you should ensure that you set values for:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optionally, if your infrastructure uses a proxy, you should ensure that you set values for:
```

* instana.agent.proxyHost
* instana.agent.proxyPort
* instana.agent.proxyProtocol
* instana.agent.proxyUser
* instana.agent.proxyPassword
* instana.agent.proxyUseDNS

> Check the values for the endpoint entries in [agent backend configuration](https://docs.instana.io/quick_start/agent_configuration/#backend)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check the values for the endpoint entries in the [agent backend configuration](https://docs.instana.io/quick_start/agent_configuration/#backend).
```
